one limit Boston question about
performance by the guys in front of you
tonight to make your job would look
pretty easy to 40 not giving him a lot
of chance yeah I mean we had a great
start we didn't score but really got the
momentum really in that game great for
checking and created some chances so you
know we played it really a 60-min hockey
game tonight with it which is you know
nice I don't know anything about gold
honey but I think you were challenging
the guys top degree yeah I felt pretty
good you know I wasn't getting much
action so not the type of game way I
love to play but you know I was seeing
the puck well you know wine warm up so I
you know sometimes you just have that
feeling when you know you're seeing the
puck well and then I have that tonight
and obviously the guys did a great job
in front of me you know not giving that
much and especially did that yeah yeah
it was a had a magnet on it tonight so
hopefully they'll be there tomorrow to
maybe I hope check a little more uh well
I wasn't I mean it wasn't really a poke
check i was going on butterfly and then
when i saw was Hemsky enjoys making that
move actually scored on me a few times
in his career like that so as soon as he
brought his backhand I knew that that
was my only play left to maker encourage
you to see the kind of contribution got
from throughout the lineup tonight yeah
I mean all four lines play great you
know our fourth line did an amazing job
protecting pucks down low and cycling
and creating chances same thing with a
third line and you know when we get a
good production from those lines we have
a good chance to win are you playing
tomorrow night yes what will that mean
you can get the chance to play in Boston
obviously you know yeah are you fired up
for this one um you know it's just I
think it's just a fun game to play I
mean it's been a few years now and I
think we've all moved on but that being
said I mean there's a history there and
those are the type of games you want to
be playing in you know the same as when
we play a Chicago LA all those are
exciting games that did have a little
bit of history there and you know it
will be no different demonic